Adding blog post publishing  checklist (#2142)
pulumi/docs: BLOGGING.md

Since the build process is triggered by (and so requires) a commit to `master`, you can either wait for the post's `date` to pass, remove its `draft` setting (or change it to `false`), and _then_ merge it, or leave its `draft` property `true`, merge, then change the property to `false` once the `date`'s gone by. If a post happens to get merged with `draft: false` and a future date, the resulting build will exclude the post, requiring a commit of some sort to occur _after_ its `date` in order to trigger a build and get the post published.

For this reason, leaving the `draft` property `true` until you're actually ready to publish gives you an easy way to kick off a build when the time comes.

## Publishing Check List

> - [ ] Use the template instead of copying another post: ```hugo new --kind blog-post blog/my-new-post```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [ ] As mentioned, use the Hugo blog-post generator instead of copying another post: ```hugo new --kind blog-post blog/my-new-post```
```

- [ ] Set `draft:false` or delete it.
- [ ] Spell and grammar check: Consider using a service such as [Grammarly](http://grammarly.com)

> - [ ] Check for a break `<!--more-->` after the first paragraph. This ensures a correct break on the blog landing page. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [ ] Check for a break `<!--more-->` after the first paragraph, and ensure that your post's introduction looks right on the blog home page. 
```

> - [ ] Check the meta_image - Avoid using an animated GIF, Twitter summary cards use the first image which may be black in the case of `asciinema` screen captures.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [ ] Check that your meta_image appears properly on the blog home page. Do not use animated GIFs for preview images.
```
